Settings tool for FPGA Lock In amplifier.

Load lock-in code with
cat system_wrapper.bit > /dev/xdevcfg
(need to be in the same directory as system_wrapper.bit - typically /root/tmp).

Use settings configurator
./settings A X A X
Where A is the setting you wish to change and X is the value:
f - Modulation frequency in Hz (floating point, can be given as 10e3).
t - Averaging period in s (floating point, can be given as 10e3).
m - mode - set as bits from right to left:
  1 slave - 1 is slave, 0 is master
  2 inputs - 1 is dual input, 0 is single
  3 output type - 1 is amp (and phase for single input), 0 is X (+Y for single)
  4 sync - 1 sends a sync signal to syncronise all the boards (affects master only)
  e.g. 100 will output amp and phase of single channel in master mode.
  5 sweep on dac b
  6 ref wave on top of sweep
  7 drop at start of sweep on dac a signal
  8 output Y/phase instead of X/amp when in sweep or two input mode.
  9 ref wave square (default sine)
 10 sweep output is a constant value (uses sweep minimum as constant, sweep can still be used for timing)
 11 frequency double the reference wave (frequency setting will be that of the modulation output)
 e.g. m 100 will give amplitude and phase outputs for channel a (running as a master unit) - can leave off higher bits (equivalent to setting them to 0), but all lower bits are required.
 12 use digital IO for getting sweep counter (not internal generated) - slave only
s - sweep parameters, needs 3 X - start volt, end volt, period.
a - amplitude of reference wave on top of sweep - pk-pk
d - dac multipliers. 2 Xs, for output a and b respectively. Digital multiplication before DAC. Max 2^16-1 and digitisation will be seen at 2^10.
p - phase lead of modulation output (degrees)
r - sampling rate of memory saving (Hz, floating point, can be given as 10e3)
x - send sync command (same as using mode to do it, but does not require the correct other parameters, no X needed)
h - display manual (no X)

e.g.
./settings f 10e3 t 0.2e-3
Will set the modulation frequency to 10 kHz and the averaging period to 0.2 ms.